>> Kyle Simpson: Exercise seven.
If you open up the read me,
I just wanna orient you a little bit
to what to expect out of this exercise.
This is designed to bring together several
of the major ideas that we've worked on so
far in the course, try to get you up to
speed on how they all fit together, or
how they can start to fit together.
Doesn't bring them all of them into play,
but
it does bring many of them
from the course into play.
And we will have another exercise in a
little bit that will do even more of that.
The first items in this readme
are gonna feel very rudimentary.
And that will give you a temptation
that you could skip over them.
And I'm gonna strongly insist,
request you not skip over them, because
they're designed very intentionally
to take you through a progression of
these concepts little by little to help
that all fit together in your head.
So items one, two, three, and
four are pretty straight forward, and
should only take you a minute or
two to complete each.
Item five is where you're gonna
spend most of the time here.
And you wanna give yourself a good
budget of time, at least 15,
maybe even 20 minutes on this item.
You're writing a function that's add-in,
but it asks you to implement it
three different times with
three different approaches.
One with an iterative approach.
One with recursion.
And one with a list operation.
So that gives you practice with each
of those three different takes that
we've looked at.
And don't forget that there's six,
seven, and eight afterwards.
>> Speaker 2: Don't worry too much
if you don't get to the bonus.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's okay.
That's some homework for you.
But six, seven, eight,
don't run out of time on that.
So this is what I would say.
>> Speaker 2: Give yourself a budget of
time that you should be onto item five
within about five minutes
of starting the exercise.
>> Kyle Simpson: You should try to give
yourself about 15 minutes at minimum to
work on number five.
And then if after that 15 minutes or
so you don't have at least one working
implementation, grab a working
implementation from the solution file so
that you unblock yourself to work on six,
seven, and eight.
>> Speaker 2: So
that's a little bit of setup instructions
to help you get going on exercise seven.
>> Kyle Simpson: We'll come back after
a while and talk through that solution.
This is gonna be highly interactive, I'm
gonna live code all the way through that,
so that solution will be quite
a bit more in depth than normal.